Minor last minute correction to AAP-3675 (#575)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/platform/proc-install-aap-operator.adoc

. Search for the {PlatformName} operator and click *Install*.
. Select an *Update Channel*:
+
* *stable-2.x*: installs a namespace-scoped operator, which limits deployments of {HubName} and {ControllerName} instances to the namespace the operator is installed in. This is suitable for most cases. The stable-2.x channel does not require administrator privileges and utilizes fewer resources because it only monitors a single namespace.

> * *stable-2.x-cluster-scoped*: deploys automation hub and automation controller across multiple namespaces in the cluster and requires administrator privileges for all namespaces in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *stable-2.x-cluster-scoped*: deploys {HubName} and {ControllerName} across multiple namespaces in the cluster and requires administrator privileges for all namespaces in the cluster.
```
